Andre more slides can you just get to coding and I know what you're thinking.
I know the easiest thing to do is for me to just go to my sublime tax and start coding so he can follow
along.
But I really want this course to build the foundation because I can do all the coding in the world.
But if you have these fundamentals and we talk about them first and as you code along with me or you
do the exercises you truly understand them from the basics then you're going to retain a lot more information.
So bear with me this is going to help you develop into a better developer.
This is the last slide before we get into some coding.
I just want to show you one last part.
And that is our unified picture of testing now that we've talked about everything we're going to be
writing tests for our robo friends app.
And if you remember we have our main file app dog.
Yes.
And the way we're going to write tests for it and other subcomponents and maybe even reducers and other
parts of the redux environment.
Well we're simply going to do the dot test Dot.
Yes.
Which with our create react up set up is going to say that this is a test file.
Let me run it through.
Just keep in mind that tests are meant for devolvement you're never going to ship your test libraries
or your test code into production.
Most of the time you're saving these libraries with the flag dash dash saved Dev and NPM because they're
only used for development in development as you're writing your tests are as you're writing your code.
You have something like just running in the background that has the scaffolding the assertion library
the test runner the spies Moxon stubs that we need to read the tests run the tests see which tests pass
or fail.
And also I'll put a code coverage so that we can work on our project and when it's ready it passes all
the tests.
It has all the nice tests we need.
We can then send it to production.
Without all this stuff that production doesn't need.
And remember that we're running these tests.
We can't run them in the DOM we can run them in a headless browser or we can just run them in a desktop
which we are going to do.
We're going to use just because it's the fastest and the simplest to run our tests.
All right.
Time to get to coding.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
I'll see in the next video.